Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully address you, Venerable Teacher. Today, just like
exactly one year ago, we once again have the
auspicious opportunity to express our gratitude to you.
At the beginning of May
2018, you were the one who initiated the Golden Chrysanthemum Club's liaison committee for the Six Harmonious
Practices, the
predecessor of the Bamboo Thanh Club.
Then, on the 8th day of the 11th lunar month of the
Year of the Pig, the master
confirmed and named it the Bamboo Thanh Club. And
today, November 20th,
2019, our club once again has the
auspicious opportunity to invite you to
meet you and express our
gratitude.
All the words we wish to use to express our
gratitude to you are insufficient;
our language truly cannot adequately
convey the blessings you have bestowed
upon us, allowing
us to experience peace and
happiness until today and in
future lives. Therefore,
we can only send you this
heartfelt expression of our gratitude.  Through songs, hymns, and
beautiful flowers,
our club would like to offer you
today. We sincerely hope
you will accept our heartfelt devotion. We promise to do our
best in our practice
as you have taught us, relying on our
master and the Sangha, and following
your guidance in this life to
benefit ourselves and
those with whom we have karmic connections. In
future lives, we will continue to rely on the Sangha and
you to practice
until we achieve Supreme Enlightenment.
Now, we respectfully ask you to
accept these loving gifts
from us. Dear fellow practitioners, I am very
happy with the devotion you have shown
me. Everything you have given
me, we respectfully
offer to the Buddhas
and our master. The Buddhas and our master do not accept
any gifts other than the gift of
our sincere devotion. Today,
this is the devotion of all Buddhists that
we offer.  Offering to the
Buddhas—the Buddhas have, in three countless eons,
exchanged countless lives solely for the sake of seeking
the path to liberation from suffering for all
beings—and we are the ones who
inherit the fruits of their labor. Our
master also made a great
Bodhi vow,
following in the footsteps of the Buddhas to achieve enlightenment for himself
and for us, the Buddhist followers.
We, as those who receive
the blessings of the Buddhas, our master,
and the Three Jewels, must also be
responsible for
ourselves. If we do not practice the
Dharma to achieve happiness,
we are betraying the Buddha's efforts, for the Buddha desires
our happiness. If we
do not practice the Dharma to achieve
happiness, we are betraying the Buddha's efforts. I
hope all of you, dear fellow practitioners, will
remember this: practicing the
Buddha's teachings to bring happiness to ourselves
is repaying the Buddha's kindness. In seeking
happiness for ourselves, there is also the benefit of all
beings.
Because we live in this world with
relationships with our parents, spouses,
children, and colleagues, we must be happy.  We are
blessed with all these relationships.
We must live in such a way that we are
happy in all these relationships,
which means everyone else is happy.
We are Buddhist disciples, lay
practitioners; we are just brothers and
sisters, those who go before guiding those who follow. Those who
know more share with those who know less, those who are diligent carry the burden on those who are
not yet
diligent, and so on. Generations will enter the path. If everyone
maintains this spirit, then
generations will escape suffering. May
our Truc Thanh Club be excellent disciples
of the Buddha. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today, I have also received this gift,
and let us offer it as a tribute to the
Three Jewels. We all share a karmic
connection, a connection to joyfully pay
homage to the Buddha together. Dear fellow practitioners,
we respectfully express our gratitude
to you for your guidance on
how to cultivate deep gratitude towards the Three Jewels,
which is to practice the Dharma of the
Buddha so that we may have peace and happiness in this life
and in future lives as well.  Continuing
on to the Buddha's teachings to attain ultimate happiness and
reach the fruit of Supreme Enlightenment,
we will remember and practice
according to your instructions, teacher.
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [
Music]
K
[Music]